##NAME
  smash -- A Simplified Shell

##SYNOPSIS
  ./smash
  $exit
  $cd /specified/directory
  $externalcommand args
  $/path/to/externalcommand args

##DESCRIPTION
  A simplified command shell that currently supports two commands.

  exit: When "exit" is input as the first argument, smash will exit.

  cd: When "cd" is entered in as the first argument, smash will use chdir() to change the current working directory that is specified in the second argument.
  NOTE: If there is no second argument or the input directory is invalid, "cd" will print an error to stderr and smash will exit.

  history: When "history" is entered, smash will print the history of all commands entered in the order they were input.

  If none of the aforementioned commands are used, smash will attempt to execute the command as an external program with execve. If the command isn't entered as a path to the program,  It will also format and print all args in order to stdout.

  In the future more commands and potentially more source files will be added.

##FILES
  * README.md -- Starter file containing instructions for smash
  * smash.c -- Source file to build smash
  * history.c -- Source file containing functions and data types for history command
  * history.h -- header file containing history command prototypes
  * Makefile -- File to build smash and clean generated files

##INSTALLATION
  CC = gcc
  CFLAGS = -Wall -std=c99 -g

  all: Builds default target (smash)

  smash: Builds smash from source file smash.c

  debug: Builds a debug version of smash

  valgrind: Builds a debug version of the program using valgrind to check for memory leaks

  clean: Removes object files generated by building smash.c and history.c

  backpackclean: Removes object files generated by backpack.sh autograder

##AUTHORS
  @christopherhaney
  https://christopherhaney.github.io/
